{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The difference between CLI and GUI is actually quite interesting. The main difference lies in how you interact with the computer or machine. CLI stands for command-line interface and is when you give the computer commands with words and code instead of icons. While GUI stands for graphical user interface. GUI uses visual elements like buttons, dialog boxes, windows, and icons in order for one to work with the computer or machine while CLI uses the language of code to fulfill commands. Using CLI requires a more tuned set of skills and knowledge of the coding language. It is more complicated than GUI and fewer people know how to use it because of its difficulty. GUI is the one that most people know how to use and GUI is also what I personally am more familiar with using. Learning the coding language is definitely like learning a new language in the way that there is always more to learn. It is complex and takes effort to learn. Everyone uses what is most comfortable, but it is probably good to be well-versed in both. The world of coding is one that I have not dived into deep enough but am excited to learn more about the CLI side of things.\'a0
\f1 \
}